This file contains crude translations (from Google translate until I sit and do them myself) of the associated Latin texts in "final texts.txt".

Prompt: "Once upon a time there was a wise old man named Rufus".
or 
Prompt: "Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus".

LatinBERT:
	Caesar:
		Once upon a time there was a wise old man named Rufus. this was Caesar's soldier and he carried his arms, he was the spirit and the sound. 'All things,' said Caesar, 'and he had seen these things before himself, and I know that he wanted the same.

		Once upon a time there was a wise old man named Rufus. As far as learned men are concerned, that when the Athenians were killed, he was accused of being killed by him, and especially with some, that he had said that he was present, that he had said it for his own safety, and that

		Once upon a time there was a wise old man named Rufus. his son, who had borne the bell. these had conversations and friendship with each other about matters of the highest importance, but Caesar recalled them in a further war; at the same time, because from the beginning it seemed weak, the affairs of Gaul were not carried on

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. yet it was scarcely a false thing, that it seemed worthy of the memory of some men, when it was said of such a matter, that it was of such a mind. to be seen as a great man He would have liked to be seen to be of mind. but he wished to appear of great fortune

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. D. Pompey with one legion and two legions with the rest, which he also had as a garrison for the camp, and to the rest he gave 108 alari and the rest. alarian cavalry and the rest twenty cohorts, besides two and
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. He came here to talk with the knights. He does the same with his own people more freely, and a large part of the soldiers leave. but then also the rest of the states were alarmed, and some seemed to disagree. then the princes from all the states assembled
	
	Ovid:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. "the country of the fatherless woman." she remained to the husband, and the land was not unjust to the family, "but the spouse," said he, "is the spouse of the king," he said, "but she is one for you," said the husband
	
		once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, whose face was happy, but the love of a servant was manifest; and yet she is not pleasing to me, why not she too? he comes, as it is, for the same reason to me, thank you! Alas! too simple a lover: the name of an unhappy figure

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, whom I took from your people. He was the first of the race of Syarchesia, lacking in wealth and possessions, and having no house, and although he was estranged, he still had a wife, and she was grateful to him. and yet he did not remain lost

	
	Cicero:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he was also a good man, and the same tribune of the people, when he was himself, distinguished by war and praise. for that greater staff was not only a man, but not even a human being, but also a man. Peas, man to me

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he was also a good man and quite a friend of his named Varro. he was Antony, who is and is blessed, and certainly he was the only one among the good men of the Jews, who was the author and author of all good things, and which was the same as good

		Once upon a time there was a wise man by the name of Rufus, but also a man of divine glory and power, Pompeius, he indeed, not even a counselor, but still a defender of his art and a teller of the times, worthy of memory, worthy of all the memory of the times, he will be judged by you

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he was also a serious and honorable man, as they think, by the very name of Elis, and that he was the same man as Dolabella, who is the same as this tor sopatri, but the same enemy and the author of certain things.

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he was also a man and a man of great authority. Domitius, whom I have heard from the place, I am a man most superior in authority and valor, honor and constancy. but this one of yours was perhaps older and of a private mind

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he also had a man of voice and tongue, the same as being unable to speak and show what he was, indeed he said that; but some one loved him, who was always my friend, and won with the same zeal as with diligence and valor;

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he was also a good man, and clearly a man, and adorned with military honors, so that it may also be proved. let it be the same man and the priest, who is, as I said, the priest, the same who were the children, the same God
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but he was also a man and a good man, and the praise of his name, man, and his actions, are easily declared. Therefore he is more hostile than he who is now in Appius Claudius, praetor, troops, valor, honor,

			
	Vergil:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, this Roman race was one; but he gave one hand: he had one surname for all of them. there was no honor but the honor of knighthood, nor was honor used in honor. moreover, to that tribe there was one for all, to whom alone

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus: otherwise known, but it is clear that he does not surpass it. "It is so well known to you," said he, "that it took you confidence? Only you are known by fortune." This is such a good witness that no one believes the child
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, he was called m death, it was that he had true love, he said, after he had done such things, now I have this report of him and the answer to you: the spring was a long time ago and certainly in love this love was
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. who was the king's favorite, but the name and the circumstances were all sweet: but he was before the man. after he asks who now dwells in the high mountains, they do not say here by name
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, the third prisoner at that time, who had no other than his surname, but who was known for his strength but for his blood, and was known to me by his poems. pulsus honorem to the first tus pulsus, as always, with a crime, my comp
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, whose surname was his grandfather's, it is uncertain whether he was the author, but he was considered the author. uncertain for the name is uncertain, uncertain where it is uncertain. perhaps, if true, the author is uncertain, or the name of the teacher uncertain. it is uncertain
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, but now they say give him a name of light, a nickname for him. They say your name is Julius: to whom it had been a surname when pregnant, but the name was golden, to this one it was a surname from his father. In the order of Cornelius, no one wanted to be of the patriarchal blood.	

My Transformer:
	Caesar:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus.
O among the thousands of the summer, he would not be more burdensome, and he would order on the journey, yet he brings a reception with him. he himself had halted at that time when the road had been made by the rampart. one was betraying and being attacked.

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus.
When they were crushed by the others, they stopped from the town, to which country he was accustomed, and could communicate with Sicily, so that they would consult him as quickly as possible, and whatever he noticed or noticed.

		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus.
He thought that the matter should be dealt with by all the people of Bellovac. who, indeed, would have been his own half, and would have rushed forward, in terror that he might attempt what he had done, even if it were in danger of being saved from the work, and that he would be brought from afar by a wound
		
	Ovid:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus.
when the first month of the month was already at hand, that my reputation might be assured: I begged you, and not the gentlest ether in them, because now the acts of the goddess come from, are you here, with your arms? what is more, that priest and both parents. in which case there is something intruding
	
		once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, or, a shadow, the girl perished; now he removes from me the gifted bodies of falsehood, he looks at the soft bronze: there, with sharp ends, they lead you in the womb
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, whose hands touched the sheep. She does not make the rough one, which I went to you with my fingers. you should be careful of how much: now, too, they have tyrie fruits. the cow is fat
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, who would suffer as a virgin, nor would the snow fall under his axe. looking where it will be possible to embrace the joy; with the boldness of the jupiter he surveyed the waves, cu


	Cicero:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, orator and fortune-teller, the vices of the orators. I immediately and with great agitation are theirs; It is decreed, not by the sum total of all the divinities, that we should report the occu to the grandfathers and the gavin to the gaby, nor by the sum of all the divinities, as the domestics of such a king had suffered;
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, or did she become wise? He who hates the cross in exchange, so that he can pray without being absent. indeed, if it seems too late for the journey, or too much, if he says something has happened to you, I would have thought to do it, lest you should expect me to do what I
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, oh, no one in occupying, if they can pretend, you were in such a big, big mess, after, and they were supposed to be. even that which was a virtue is, as I wrote, that he is a brother to those whose money they have, does he make himself one?
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. so they will change the way they are presented to him, but it seems that the popular rigidities are keen. You do not think that these images are money for the philosophers: I recommend to the old Plato that they existed only then


	Vergil:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, O, with such Anchises of Phoebus, he had abolished the torture of the teachers, he kept the innkeepers, and the fates pressed the miner of gold fat and clothed with sulphurous voices and fleeting praises, far away proud and coming and fled involuntarily. 
		
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, who had fled to the ancient city to pay the ollers, if strong kingdoms, and your madness will not give rise to swellings, the silas are carried; unanointed strength is borne; and none of yours shall perish; I have also given the caucus with the other night and mournful flower
	
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus. the fat, sluggish body of the periphus, and the trident of death coming under them, roar: how many of them are strong for us, and they make us wine! to turn the two by force

		once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus; but he saw how the bodies of the sparrows were warmed, so that they might bring down the lame and great things of the nations, with their mortal weapons far away.

	
ChatGPT:
	Caesar:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, who lived many years in Gaul. He spent his time in studies and literature, but afterwards he turned to the military and came to Caesar. At that time Caesar was waging war in Italy, and Rufus immediately joined his side. When Caesar returned to Gaul, Rufus came with him and fought many battles for Caesar.

	But Rufus was not only a brave soldier but also a wise man. Whenever Caesar took a decision, Rufus gave him advice and many useful suggestions. Sometimes he stayed with his soldiers in the camp and wrote letters to them. In one letter he wrote: "At this time in France we not only fight but also learn, so that we may be wiser afterwards."

	Thus Rufus was not only a brave soldier but also a wise man, whose memory was always dear to the soldiers and to Caesar.
		
	Ovid:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus,
Learned wit, and shrewd in counsels,
A clever tongue, ready for witty words,
Gold was the origin of his blood.

The movement of fortune does not tremble fearlessly,
Neither greedy for praise, nor bitter envy
He was disturbed, but not unconscious in the middle of the city
He examines the structure of things in nature.

Playing and experiencing a thousand ways of life,
Each of them sings their own birthday songs
He changes, and this leads his life so well,
That song would only live immortal.
	
	Cicero:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, who was honorable for many years in public affairs. As the state was at that time most tumultuous, Rufus often opposed Caesar, and strongly accused the other popular men.

But Rufus excelled not only in his eloquence, but also in his wisdom, and sometimes reproached the bitter ambitions of Caesar. Many good men followed his advice, and the city was saved from disaster.

But when Rufus returned to the senate, it was evident that he was beloved and appreciated by all. But he earned not only thanks but also praise, because he preserved the state by his counsel and courage. And afterwards he was numbered among those who deserved well of his country, whose memory will live for ever and ever.
	
	Vergil:
		Once upon a time there was a wise man named Rufus, whom all the worthy men of Rome worshiped. A learned genius, and imbued with liberal arts, Rufus took care to learn many sciences from study.

But Rufus was especially fond of poetry, and he was considered the wisest to compose elegiac poems. For with his songs he celebrated the praises of love and virtue, and described the divine functions of the gods in a wonderful manner.

Gifted with talent and excellent form, Rufus was able to bring the love of many young women. But, in order that no one might be led astray by their love, Rufus always behaved in the most modest manner and abstained from all lasciviousness.

Living among the Greeks, Rufus learned much from them and perfected the art of poetry. What he wrote so perfectly that they would reach eternity and all would be happy with his poems forever.

Finetuned LLAMA:
	Caesar:
		
		
	Ovid:
		
	
	Cicero:
		
	
	Vergil:
		
	
